Overall improvements (#13)
direnv/direnv-archlinux: README.md

## Package updates

How to update the package from Arch on any system:

1. Edit the PKGBUILD and change the `pkgver` field.

> 2. If you're on Arch, run `updpkgsums && makepkg --printsrcinfo > .SRCINFO`, and skip to the last step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you're on Arch, run `./update`, and skip to the last step.
```
What do you think of wrapping those commands too?

Author: Now every method uses an update script.

## Package updates

How to update the package from Arch on any system:

1. Edit the PKGBUILD and change the `pkgver` field.
2. If you're on Arch, run `updpkgsums && makepkg --printsrcinfo > .SRCINFO`, and skip to the last step.
3. Download the release tar.gz and run sha256sum on it.

> 4. Update the `sha256sums` field in the PKGBUILD.

Reviewer: Is there no tool to do this for us? Maybe `updpkgsums`?

Author: Yeah, that's in step 2, if you're on Arch. Otherwise `updpkgsums` should just be added to the Docker script/Vagrant instructions; I'll do that a little later when I'm back at a computer.

Author: Updated.
